Minor collaboration, design review, social media revisions (#610)
BitcoinDesign/Meta: Collaboration.md

# Bitcoin Design Community collaboration playbook

The goal of this document is to define common types of collaborations, to serve as starting points for new inquiries. Collaborations should be tracked as issues with the "collaboration" label, see the [current ones here](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Meta/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Acollaboration). Many collaborations we have had so far are shown on the [projects page](https://bitcoin.design/projects/).

This is not meant to be a strict rule set. Every project is unique, and healthy collaboration requires everyone involved to be sensitive to the projects needs and goals. Our own goal is to support projects and contributors to improve their products and design practices (and not impose our ideas).

> Here are six types of design needs a project may have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are six types of ways a project can engage and collaborate with the community:
```

Author: Where does the seventh one come from? The page headers only go to `#6`.

1. Review the [guide](https://bitcoin.design/guide/) to find a direction or solution
1. Engage in Discord conversations to share ideas and get feedback
1. Participate in a [design review session](Design-Reviews.md)

> 

Reviewer: 1. Participate in a UX research review session

Author: Do we have something more official on UX review sessions? Can we also accommodate those in the design reviews to avoid having similar types of sessions?
